Artist     : The Police

Album      : The Police

Label      : A&M Records

Genre      : Rock

Bitrate    : 181 kbps avg

Source     : CD (LP)

Playtime   : 01:50:56  (151.MB)

Rls date   : 2007-06-04

Store date : 2007-06-11




Track List: 

Disc 1/2


1. Fall Out 2:04

2. Can't Stand Losing You 2:57

3. Next To You 2:52

4. Roxanne 3:11

5. Truth Hits Everybody 2:55

6. Hole In My Life 4:49

7. So Lonely 4:49

8. Message In A Bottle 4:49

9. Reggatta De Blanc 3:04

10.Bring On The Night 4:15

11.Walking On The Moon 5:01

12.Don't Stand So Close To Me 4:01 

13.Driven By Tears 3:22

14.Cenary In A Coalmine 2:28



Disc 2/2


1. De Do Do Do, De Da Da Da 4:08

2. Voices Inside My Head 3:50 

3. Invisible Sun 3:45

4. Every Little Thing She Does Is Magic 4:20 

5. Spirits In The Material World 2:58

6. Demolition Man 5:56

7. Every Breath You Take 4:16

8. Synchronicity I 3:24

9. Wrapped Around Your Finger 5:15

10.Walking In Your Footsteps 3:36

11.Synchronicity II 5:01

12.King Of Pain 5:00

13.Murder By Numbers 4:37 

14.Tea In The Sahara 4:13




In early 2007, reports surfaced that the trio would
reunite for a tour to mark their 30th anniversary, over 20
years since their 'final' split in summer 1986. The
concerts would coincide with Universal Music (current
owners of the A&M label) re-releasing some material from
the band's back catalog. The following statement was
released on behalf of the band by a spokesperson at
Interscope Geffen A&M Records and posted on Sting's
official website: "As the 30th anniversary of the first
Police single approaches, discussions have been underway
as to how this will be commemorated. While we can confirm
that there will indeed be something special done to mark
the occasion, the depth of the band's involvement still
remains undetermined."

On January 22nd, 2007, the punk wave magazine Side-Line
broke the story that The Police would reunite for the
Grammys, adding that the song performed would be
"Roxanne". All this information appeared to be correct.
Side-Line also announced in its news coverage that The
Police were to embark on a massive tour bringing them to
cities all over the world. Billboard magazine later on
confirmed the rumours, quoting Andy Summers who had
discussed earlier in 2006 how the band could have
continued post-Synchronicity: "The more rational approach
would have been, 'OK, Sting, go make a solo record, and
let's get back together in two or three years,' " he said.
"I'm certain we could have done that. Of course we could
have. We were definitely not in a creative dry space. We
could have easily carried on, and we could probably still
be there. That wasn't to be our fate. It went in another
way. I regret we never paid it off with a last tour."

Inside sources have admitted that the group had in fact
begun tour rehearsals in Vancouver, British Columbia, and
that further details on the reunion tour would be
announced in February, including a performance at the 49th
Annual Grammy Awards on February 11, 2007. A local radio
station, Rock101, reported this information to the general
public on January 24, 2007. There have been numerous
sightings of the group and their entourage in the
Vancouver area as expectation builds of a pending reunion
tour.

The Police opened the 49th Annual Grammy Awards on 11
February 2007 in Los Angeles, California, announcing "We
are The Police and we're back!" before launching into
"Roxanne." A&M Records, the band's record company, is
promoting the current 2007-2008 reunion tour as the 30th
anniversary of the release of their first single and not
indeed that of the band's creation. ABC reported, "This
year marks the 30th anniversary of the release of
'Roxanne,' the single that broke the Police in the United
States." The single was released in April 1978.

The Police opened their Reunion Tour in Vancouver on May
28 in front of 22,000 delighted fans at one of two nearly
sold-out concerts. Opening with "Message in a Bottle"
Sting, and bandmates Stewart Copeland and Andy Summers
served up two hours of blockbuster hits much to the
excitement of all who attended. The Police will be on tour
for approximately a year, beginning with North America and
eventually crossing over to Europe.

*****NB: HALF SITES CALL THIS CD "BEST OF"; SOME "GREATEST
HITS". ALLMUSIC.COM/STING.COM AND SOME OTHER CALLS IT "THE
POLICE". THATS WHY WE CHOOSE THIS*****



Enjoy This Release!!!


Check my other torrents @ http://thepiratebay.org/user/JDM12