customers for making Tweak┬«-XP Pro your favourite tuning tool for Windows
XP.
    

Tweak-XP Award
Tweak┬«-XP Pro - was the first tuning software especially designed for
Windows XP. There are lots of third class competitive products, but only
with our Tweak┬«-XP Pro you can be sure to get the original tuning
application designed for Windows XP only. There's no need to find your way
through the Windows registry: use Tweak┬«-XP Pro v4 to enable hundreds of
different secret settings for Windows XP with a few mouseclicks only.   

Tweak-XP Award

The Original Tweak┬«-XP Pro:
Often Imitated But Never Equalled.

See what the original Tweak┬«-XP Pro offers: unlike other tuning utilities,
Tweak┬«-XP Pro bundles more than 56 different utilities in one. It was
developed to combine both tuning and optimizing features to increase the
speed of your Windows XP system. With Tweak┬«-XP Pro v4 we have added lots
of new useful features to improve the performance of your Windows XP system.

Tweak┬«-XP Pro v4 main features:

    * create a RAM discdrive and load files as fast as possible
    * create virtual discdrives, tune your CPU and display adapter
    * use Tweak┬«-XPs DiscDrive Doctor to detect and fix harddisc problems
    * backup your Microsoft Office product activations
    * improve the readabilty of your monitor: ClearType? configuration
    * clear the 'Recent files' lists of lots of common programs. View and
inspect files in your Internet Cache folder, display the internet history
files and remove them
    * remote-shutdown your system
    * optimize and personalize your Windows XP with just a few mouseclicks,
tune lots of hidden Windows XP settings, customize the Windows XP
startmenu, tune lots of desktop settings
    * make the Windows XP taskbar transparent, limit access to the taskbar,
or parts of it
    * enable several hidden performance options of Windows XP, clean up
your registry with Tweak┬«-XPs Registry Cleaner
    * block internet banner ads, block Internet Explorer Pop-Ups
    * configure Outlook XP security settings
    * check the integrity of ZIP files and repair them
    * create selfextracting ZIP files
    * create virtual desktops, automatic wallpaper changing
    * create desktop shortcuts to useful Windows functions
    * configure the Windows application 'Cool Switch' feature
    * convert your compressed folders to selfextracting .exe files
    * optimize the physical RAM of your machine, and the Windows XP cache
settings
    * optimize your Internet connection speed, tune your Internet Explorer
    * censor the execution of applications
    * protect any folder on your harddisc and hide its content from Windows
Explorer
    * control what is started on Windows startup
    * rename hundreds of files just by one mouseclick, generate passwords,
destroy files securely
    * find and remove unnecessary files
    * and lots more ...