www.turbohets.com

Arvid & Love - Hets of the Century mp3 192 kbps

"Hets" is swedish for mania or stress
or ultra fast motion in the space-time
continium. The Swedish duo Arvid & Love,
named after it's two members (yes! Love
is a Swedish name), creates "hetsy"
electronic music.

www.turbohets.com

Our mutual passion for
silly yet catchy melodies and laugh
provoking sounds is expressed in our
music. The joy of composing half of a
melody each makes our music slightly
unpredictable. The scientific interest
in filtering toyish keyboards through
the SH09 filter and sampling and creating
brand new soft-synth sounds makes our
soundscape a source of happiness. Our
turbohets is the key to inner harmony.
Well... Hmm... Find out for yourself.

www.turbohets.com

Don't forget to visit our homepage,
where you will find even more songs to
download for free. If you like our sh*t,
please tell your friends. We are going
to spread like a plague... Hehe...

www.turbohets.com