Depeche Mode - Random Access Memory

Out via the UK firm Chrome Dreams on October 17th is the Depeche Mode
documentary DVD "Random Access Memory".

Melanie Breen, Marketing Coordinator at Chrome Dreams, explains: "This film
documents the band's life in music over the past three decades, from their
rise in the late 1970s to the present day. With the aid of rare band
footage, exclusive interviews, previously unpublished photographs - many
from private collections - numerous contributors and a host of other
features, this programme, the first of its kind on this legendary group,
will delight their millions of dedicated fans."

This first complete and unauthorised DVD biography of Depeche Mode includes
previously unseen film footage of the band and exclusive in-depth interviews
with those who worked closely with them during their career, including;
Brian Griffin (photographer and film maker who shot several of Depeche's
sleeves), Jonathan Miller (author of "Stripped: Depeche Mode"), musician and
close friend Phil Burdett who played with Martin Gore in previous bands, Deb
Mann (former girlfriend of Vince Clarke and involved with running the DM fan
club), Gareth Jones (producer of several DM albums), Lisa Davenport (head of
the official DM website and fanclub "Musings for the Masses"), Steve Heath
and Jeff Hitchings from the DM tribute band 'Black Celebration' among many
others.

The DVD also includes special features such as interactive trivia quiz and
an extensive digital discography. A DVD that will please many, that's sure.

-----------------

Obviously, the DVD interactive parts have been lost on this divx release (a
proper release of the complete DVD is on the works). The DVD inlay and disc
are included. Enjoy!
