******************************************************************************
                       Human Instinct - Part 1 of 4: Born to Survive

******************************************************************************

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                       General Information
------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Type.................: documentary - dokument√§r
Production...........: BBC
Author/Presenter.....: Robert Winston
More information.....: 
 
http://www.bbc.co.uk/science/humanbody/tv/humaninstinct/

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                       Description
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

"Human Instinct" is the story of how instincts have made us humans into the 
uniquely successful species that we are, despite us not always being aware of 
them.

Professor Lord Robert Winston was born in 1940 and named Robert Maurice 
Winston. He graduated at London University in 1964 and held junior posts at 
the London Hospital from that time. In 1970 he joined the Hammersmith Hospital 
as a Registrar and became involved in research and development in 
gynaecological microsurgery. 

He is well known today to audiences throughout the world for his several BBC 
television series, which include The Human Body, Secret Life of Twins and 
Superhuman, and through which he has shown a great capacity for communicating 
often complex science to a wide public audience. He is Professor of Fertility 
Studies at Imperial College School of Medicine, London University, and is 
world-renowned as a fertility expert. He also heads the Department of 
Reproductive Medicine at the Hammersmith Hospital in London.

In Human Instints Professor Robert Winston provides a unique insight into what 
it is that makes us human. And it is the story of our extraordinary instincts 
and why we behave the way we do and what other animals reveal about our most 
basic drives. With intriguing experiments and secret filming he uncovers the 
surprising science of sex. And helps us understand why one human being could 
lay down their life for another. In exploring survival, sex, competition and 
self-sacrifice, Professor Winston takes viewers on a journey of discovery into 
human behaviour, to look at ourselves in an entirely new way. 
He believes the series is not science for scientists - it is about trying to 
translate complex ideas into something easily accessible for all. He thinks 
the whole area of evolutionary psychology has been largely overlooked but 
thinks it's fascinating. According to Winston we all carry a prehistoric 
baggage around with us and don't have full control over it.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Part 1:

In the first programme of the Human Instinct series we explore how this most 
basic of instincts means we're all born to survive.

A Baby's Cry
Within a few hours of birth, many animals are not only feeding but standing up 
and walking around. By comparison human babies are virtually useless. So the 
most important weapon in a baby's survival armoury is an astounding scream. It 
can reach 97 decibels - equivalent to a pneumatic drill. Babies alter both the 
pitch and volume depending on how urgent their need of help. The louder and 
more piercing the scream the quicker the response. With this simple tactic a 
human baby ensures it gets all it needs - attention, loving care and of course 
food.

A Question of Taste
Without food we die. But can our instinct to eat explain why we all crave 
fatty, often unhealthy, food? Like all our instincts, our appetites were 
formed millions of years ago. In this uncertain world, laying down fat was the 
perfect way to ensure against times when food was scarce. Our ancestors who 
craved food which was high in calories and rich in fat lived and passed on 
their genes to their children - those who didn't, died and left no 
descendents. Gradually, over millions of years, that craving for calories 
became instinctive behaviour. But there's an even more sophisticated side to 
our craving for food. We also instinctively know what is safe to eat and what 
is not. 

The Feeling of Fear
Each year at the Pamplona bull run hundreds of people put their survival 
instincts to the test. Their heart rates soar as they are chased through the 
streets by angry bulls. They are experiencing fear. This instinctive feeling 
is so important for our survival, our body reacts before our conscious mind 
has even registered the danger. Adrenaline floods the body preparing us to 
fight or run. 

A Gambling Instinct
Millions of years ago our distant ancestors were constantly choosing between 
risky options, balancing threats from predators and unknown landscapes against 
potential rewards. We're all descended from those humans that took risks and 
won and went on to populate the world. And this most complicated of survival 
instincts explains why modern humans just love the thrill of gambling.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The file have two audio tracks. One is english and one is chinese. The easiest thing is to play the file in VLC player or other player who support two tracks. English is default in VLC player.
