Gothic Melancholy Vol.11 - Home made compilation by AssMaster
Released at The Pirate Bay

Quality differs from 128 kbps to vbr ~200 kbps, most songs
are around 192 kbps though. I haven't ripped these tunes,
they're picked from various albums, both scene and non-scene
releases. I take only credit for compiling the albums.

The songs are picked by me, and are for my listening pleasures,
so if you don't like them, I don't care. I you DO like them,
you're more than welcome to write a comment at TPB :)
The genres varies from gothic rock, metal, electronic and
death metal, all with the gothic feeling :)

The Pirate Bay is back after a few days when the swedish
government didn't dare to go against the White House in the
states! Fight the power =D

Enjoy the stuff, and help to seed when done, as always :)

Spanks // AssMaster 

Here's the other compilations:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/details.php?id=3454619 - Vol 1 
http://thepiratebay.org/details.php?id=3465930 - Vol 2 
http://thepiratebay.org/details.php?id=3466841 - Vol 3 
http://thepiratebay.org/details.php?id=3469429 - Vol 4 
http://thepiratebay.org/details.php?id=3472385 - Vol 5 
http://thepiratebay.org/details.php?id=3475203 - Vol 6 
http://thepiratebay.org/details.php?id=3476705 - Vol 7 
http://thepiratebay.org/details.php?id=3479486 - Vol 8 
http://thepiratebay.org/details.php?id=3481809 - Vol 9 
http://thepiratebay.org/details.php?id=3485429 - Vol 10 
http://thepiratebay.org/details.php?id=3488643 - Vol 11
