This is a .RAR archive, you need a program that can handle these archives (like WinRAR) to be able to extract the maps.

This map and sound pack was designed for the mod Half Life 2: Capture The Flag (http://www.hl2ctf.com)



This is basically just my maps, sound and materials folder from Half Life 2: Capture The Flag. It includes all the maps and sounds that i have collected over the years. Im including the sounds just so people dont have to wait 5 hours for all of the sounds to download when they join a server. It also contains the graphs and soundcache files for all of the maps as well.

To install these maps and sounds, simply navigate to your hl2ctf folder (steam / steamapps / USERNAME / sourcemods / hl2ctf) and then extract it there, and it should replace a few maps (like the stock maps and sounds) and then add all of the custom maps and sounds to the folders.

here is the list of maps that are included in the archive:

avd_lease_b1.bsp               ctf_pedestal_revamp.bsp
ctf_2fort_b17.bsp              ctf_pedestal_tomb.bsp
ctf_2fort_b1c.bsp              ctf_pedestal_tombmix_v1.bsp
ctf_2fort_extreme_v1.bsp       ctf_portalstorm.bsp
ctf_2fort_extreme_v2.bsp       ctf_prehistoricmeltdown_b2.bsp
ctf_2fort_lite_classic.bsp     ctf_prisonriot.bsp
ctf_abandoned_b1.bsp           ctf_psykotik_fc.bsp
ctf_accelerator_b3.bsp         ctf_raven_alt.bsp
ctf_afterhours_b3.bsp          ctf_raven.bsp
ctf_amped.bsp                  ctf_raven.res
ctf_atomicgarden.bsp           ctf_space-b5.bsp
ctf_atomicgarden-pro.bsp       ctf_spaceballs_v2.bsp
ctf_atomicgarden-pro.bsp.ztmp  ctf_spooky_v2.bsp
ctf_atrium_v5.bsp              ctf_storm_16.bsp
ctf_barbeque-b5.bsp            ctf_substation.bsp
ctf_barneygulch.bsp            ctf_thegreatwall.bsp
ctf_bedrooms.bsp               ctf_torqued_up_b1.bsp
ctf-bedrooms.bsp               ctf_torqued_up_b2a.bsp
ctf_bedroom_warefare_b1d.bsp   ctf_torus_b2.bsp
ctf_blackholes-b1.bsp          ctf_twofort_lite_b2.bsp
ctf_blackholes_fixed3.bsp      ctf_twofort_lite_b4.bsp
ctf_bloodbath-b6.bsp           ctf_well_b38.bsp
ctf_canyon2_beta1.bsp          dm_air_hockey_table.bsp
ctf_canyon.bsp                 dm_battledome.bsp
ctf_castlewars_b2.bsp          dm_bellas_room.bsp
ctf_castlewars_v1.bsp          dm_bounce.bsp
ctf_ccelerator_v2.bsp          dm_castle_b2.bsp
ctf_chasm_ra_b2.bsp            dm_crossfire_source.bsp
ctf_checkmate-b1.bsp           dm_democracy.bsp
ctf_checkmate-b2.bsp           dm_killsphere_v6.bsp
ctf_citadel.bsp                dm_lostvillage.bsp
ctf_curved-pro.bsp             dm_morbid.bsp
ctf_deepimpact.bsp             dm_motel.bsp
ctf_defrost.bsp                dm_neon.bsp
ctf_defrost_ctf_ver_1.5.bsp    dm_scepter.bsp
ctf_demise-pro.bsp             dm_snipe_reborn_final.bsp
ctf_developer-103.bsp          dm_whutdufuk.bsp
ctf_developer103.bsp           dom_dead_city117.bsp
ctf_dirtwork.bsp               dom_deathbox.bsp
ctf_discourse_v1.bsp           dom_flush_please.bsp
ctf_dumbbell_b1.bsp            dom_headrush-b1.bsp
ctf_dumbbell_b2.bsp            dom_iceworld.bsp
ctf_dumbbell_b3.bsp            dom_iceworld.res
ctf_egypt_v1.bsp               dom_joint_b1.bsp
ctf_export2-b1.bsp             dom_killbox_cz101.bsp
ctf_export2-b2.bsp             dom_killbox_ultimate.bsp
ctf_export.bsp                 dom_lockeddown-b2.bsp
ctf_fightclub-b2.bsp           dom_np_refinery.bsp
ctf_fightclub-b4.bsp           dom_octagon.bsp
ctf_flagarena2-b4.bsp          dom_quake_b1.bsp
ctf_flare_b1.bsp               dom_rapehouse.bsp
ctf_flare_b2.bsp               dom_rebellion.bsp
ctf_floodzone.bsp              dom_roaches_wc.bsp
ctf_garage.bsp                 dom_rust.bsp
ctf_gate5-b1.bsp               dom_slamdance-b2.bsp
ctf_gephyrophobia_beta.bsp     dom_tigcrik.bsp
ctf_gunshot.bsp                dom_toon-town_b3.bsp
ctf_herbie_b1c.bsp             dom_xen-sahara.bsp
ctf_iceamstiel_b2.bsp          fb_nfs_b17.bsp
ctf_lambda_bunker.bsp          fb_nuclear_b17.bsp
ctf_lambdabunker-fcpro.bsp     
ctf_linear.bsp                 rctf_circular-b1.bsp
ctf_machinegun-b3.bsp          rctf_circular-b2.bsp
ctf_pedestal2.bsp              rctf_circular.bsp
ctf_pedestal.bsp               rctf_crowbarhell-b1.bsp
ctf_pedestal_remix.bsp         
ctf_pedestal-remix.bsp


