info:
Spanish; http://www.zonadecompras.com/producto.asp?Id=13563
Englihs; http://www.allgigs.co.uk/Reviews.php?review=EllyRoberts%2Fsarahmclachlan-afterglow-live

image: ttp://www.amazon.co.uk/exec/obidos/ASIN/B00068B8IO/allgigcouk-21

PAL DVD9 full & CD

DVD Review
Fall into the arms of an angel for a 140 minutes. This fantastic double-package by 
Canada’s finest songwriter,but not singer(that prize goes to K.D.Lang).Sarah McLachlan
 brings 2004’s wonderful Afterglow collection to the live arena.After a lengthy hiatus,
that included her mother’s death and birth of daughter India,it was a welcomed return for 
the highly acclaimed Canadian contemporary-folk star.Caught on film during her nine week 
tour she thrilled the huge venue with songs that were also lifted from previous albums 
Fumbling Towards Ecstasy (1993) and Surfacing (1997).In a relaxed mood, flanked by a 
wonderful set and band, ( with some outstanding guitar work by Sean Ashby), she played 
her own favourite songs from a now considerable back-catalaogue.Delighted to re-engage 
with her adoring fanbase,it was clearly a great thrill to be on the road again.

Technically,it’s standard filming(multi angled shots)of her performance at the huge 
Molson Amphitheatre Toronto,but a real music lover’s concert.The setlist was badly 
balanced,as there are long periods of similar paced songs,until it picks up a pace 
towards the final quarter.McLachlan first came to my attention a few years ago via her 
brilliant single Angel.If Dido(with whom she’s regularly compared with) hadn’t hit the 
big time in 2001,she would have become the new sensation in the UK.The three-time Grammy 
award winner,found herself needing to change her songwriting methods for Afterglow.
Her normal practice of endless months in a log cabin writing songs was reshaped by the 
arrival of her first child,as she could only manage a couple of hours a day,which makes 
this album even more remarkable.Bringing the album to life turned out to be a 
masterstroke.It brought her back into the limelight in front of sell – out crowds on 
both sides of the Atlantic last year.Most of the set consists of slow to mid-tempo 
melancholic ballads,broken here and there in the last stage by some effective rockier 
sojourns,that lift the atmosphere considerably.Whether it be piano,electric or acoustic 
guitar,she delivers the goods.

Extras include a short peak into her pre-concert preparations and leisure time in Lighthouse Park Vancouver,lyrics page and merchandise details.

You can also experience most of the gig on a 70 minute CD.

Star tracks: Stupid,Witness,Angel,Fallen,Adia,Train Wreck and Ice Cream.