	Tarot Witch of the  Black Rose 1-44 + extras

An nicely drawn comic by Jim Balent and Holly Golightly. Althought porn isnt the centerpiece of the comic youll apreciate it if you like ladies in the nude.

heres one of the covers







contents


Tarot - Witch of the Black Rose V2 TPB Extras.cbr
tarot - witch of the black rose #01.cbr
tarot - witch of the black rose #02.cbr
tarot - witch of the black rose #03.cbr
tarot - witch of the black rose #04.cbr
tarot - witch of the black rose #05.cbr
tarot - witch of the black rose #06.cbr
tarot - witch of the black rose #07.cbr
tarot - witch of the black rose #08.cbr
tarot - witch of the black rose #09.cbr
tarot - witch of the black rose #10.cbr
tarot - witch of the black rose #11.cbr
tarot - witch of the black rose #12.cbr
tarot - witch of the black rose #13.cbr
tarot - witch of the black rose #14.cbr
tarot - witch of the black rose #15.cbr
tarot - witch of the black rose #16.cbr
tarot - witch of the black rose #17.cbr
tarot - witch of the black rose #18.cbr
tarot - witch of the black rose #19.cbr
tarot - witch of the black rose #20.cbr
tarot - witch of the black rose #21.cbr
tarot - witch of the black rose #22.cbr
tarot - witch of the black rose #23.cbr
tarot - witch of the black rose #24.cbr
tarot - witch of the black rose #25.cbr
tarot - witch of the black rose #26.cbr
tarot - witch of the black rose #27.cbr
tarot - witch of the black rose #28.cbr
tarot - witch of the black rose #29.cbr
tarot - witch of the black rose #30.cbr
tarot - witch of the black rose #31.cbr
tarot - witch of the black rose #32.cbr
tarot - witch of the black rose #33.cbz
tarot - witch of the black rose #34.cbz
tarot - witch of the black rose #35.cbr
tarot - witch of the black rose #36.cbr
tarot - witch of the black rose #37.cbr
tarot - witch of the black rose #38.cbr
tarot - witch of the black rose #39.cbr
tarot - witch of the black rose #40.cbr
tarot - witch of the black rose #41.cbr
tarot - witch of the black rose #42.cbr
tarot - witch of the black rose #43.cbr
tarot - witch of the black rose #44.cbr
tarot - witch of the black rose #45.cbz
Tarot - Witch of the Black Rose Extras.cbr
tarot - witch of the black rose tpb extras.cbr
torrent.txt
tracked_by_h33t_com.txt


contains quite a bit of female nudity so be warned

for more info


Code 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tarot:_Witch_of_the_Black_Rose