Shocking documentary from "moderate" mosques.

Channel4 
http://www.channel4.com/news/dispatches/article.jsp?id=1066

42 min.


- - -





 
http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3353122,00.html


UK TV uncovers 'Islamic supremacism'


Documentary goes undercover in British mosques, finds 'ideology of bigotry'

Yaakov Lappin Published:  01.16.07, 19:37

A British television documentary, 'Dispatches: Undercover Mosque,' 
broadcast on Sunday evening on the UK's Channel 4 has uncovered hate-filled 
speeches and rhetoric delivered in a number of British mosques, and 
directed against 'unbelievers,' Jews, Christians, and gays, among others, 
as well as religious justifications of marriages between prepubescent girls 
and adult men.


Some of the mosques targeted by the program were previously considered to 
be centers of moderate Islam in Britain. One mosque featured in the video 
was associated with a Muslim leader working with the British government to 
strengthen ties between the Muslim and non-Muslim communities.

The program's female narrator warned of "an ideology of intolerance and 
bigotry spreading throughout Britain, with its roots in Saudi Arabia," as 
images of the mosques and worshippers flashed across the screen.

One preacher was seen saying: "We Muslims have been ordered to do 
brainwashing."

The main English-language speaker of a Birmingham mosque, Abu Usama, who is 
an American convert to Islam, spread hatred of Christian and Jews in the 
footage.

"It has come to pass that the Christians and the Jews, America , France, 
the UK and Germany, they have come against the religion of al-Islam," Usama 
said, adding: "Why give up your religion to please someone who is an enemy 
to you?"

In the film, British Muslims at a mosque were told that that Islam will 
eventually gain "the uppermost strength" and form an Islamic state. They 
were instructed to "form a state within a state, until we take over."

In the Islamic state, Abu Usama said if a Muslim tried to leave Islam, he 
would be killed. "If the imam wants to crucify him he should crucify him. 
The person is put up on the wood and he's left there to bleed to death for 
three days," he said.


'Marrying prepuescent girls Okay'

"The Islamic state he predicts will have a single, life-time ruler with no 
opposition party or elections," explains the narrator.

A video purchased at a bookshop at the largest mosque in London, the 
Regents Park mosque, contained footage of a young, Saudi-trained Muslim 
cleric, Sheikh Faiz, who was seen saying: "Kafir (infidel)," as he drew an 
imaginary line on his forehead. "The worst word that can ever be written. A 
sign of infidelity. Disbelief. Filth. The sign of dirt." The preacher calls 
Jews "pigs," and said they would be "killed when the end of the world comes."

"This creature will say, oh Muslim, behind me is the Jew, come and kill 
him," the preacher shouts, before carrying out an impersonation of a pig 
sound, saying, "all of them," to the laughter of the audience.

The video showed a leading Muslim figure, who took part in a government 
taskforce to tackle extremism, comfortably taking part in a religious 
conference at the Birmingham mosque, in which discrimination against 
homosexuals was encouraged, as well as violence against girls who refused 
to wear the hijab.

"Allah has created the woman deficient," said the Birmingham mosque 
speaker. "Her intellect is incomplete, deficient. She may be suffering from 
hormones that will make her emotional. It takes two witnesses of a woman to 
equal the one witness of the man," he added.

A Saudi video on sale at one of the mosques showed a preacher saying: "Men 
are in charge of women. Wherever he goes, she should follow him. She 
shouldn't be allowed to leave the house without his permission."

Another sheikh on video says 10-year-old girls should be hit if they do not 
put on the hijab covering.


'The summit of Islam is jihad'

One speaker at a Birmingham mosque, Dr. Billal Phillips, said that the 
marriage of Islam's prophet, Muhammad to a nine year-old girl, Aisha, meant 
that contrary to modern laws, such marriages were acceptable.

"The prophet Muhammad practically outlined the rules regarding marriage 
prior to puberty. With his practice, he clarified what is permissible, and 
that is why we shouldn't have any issues about an older man marrying a 
younger woman," he said. "It is looked down upon the society today, but we 
know that the prophet Muhammad practiced it. It wasn't abuse or 
exploitation, it was marriage," he added.

"Do you practice homosexuality with men? Take that homosexual man and throw 
him off the mountain," declared Abu Usama. He later was heard calling for 
Allah "to bring about the means and the ways" to "? go out and perform the 
jihad."

"The peak, the pinnacle, the crest, the highest point, the pivot, the 
summit of Islam is jihad," said Sheikh Faiz, on a DVD sold at the mosque in 
Birmingham.

##########################################

