zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
ezzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz  Zeus_Dias  zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzuz
ee                                                                     uu
ee         zzzzzzzzzzzz                                                uu
ee         zzzzzzzzzzz                                                 uu
ee                zzz       eeeeee    uuu      uuu      sssssss        uu
ee               zzz      eeeeeeeee   uuu      uuu     ssssssss        uu
ee              zzz      eee    eee   uuu      uuu    sss              uu
ee             zzz     eeeeeeeeeeee   uuu      uuu     sss             uu
ee            zzz      eeeeeeeeeeee   uuu      uuu      ssssss         uu
ee           zzz        eee           uuu      uuu          sss        uu
ee          zzz          eee          uuuu    uuuu           sss       uu
ee         zzzzzzzzzzz    eeeeeeeee    uuuuuuuuuuuu   sssssssss        uu
ee        zzzzzzzzzzzz     eeeeeeee     uuuuuuuuuuu   ssssssss         uu
ee                                                                     uu
sessssssssssssssssssss http://www.greekwave.net/ sssssssssssssssssssssssu
sssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss
z VIDEO:                                     zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
z Time:                    01:34:21          zz                       zzz
z Size:                    702,56 MB         zz                      zzzz
z MPEG-4 codec:            XviD              zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz     zzzzz
z Bitrate:                 937 kb/s          zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz     zzzzzz
z Resolution:              528 x 304         zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz     zzzzzzz
z Frames:                  135720            zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz     zzzzzzzz
z Fps:                     23,976            zzzzzzzzzzzzzz     zzzzzzzzz
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz     zzzzzzzzzz
z AUDIO:                                     zzzzzzzzzzzz     zzzzzzzzzzz
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz     zzzzzzzzzzzz
z Audio Type:              mp3               zzzzzzzzzz     zzzzzzzzzzzzz
z Bitrate:                 96 kb/s           zzzzzzzzz     zzzzzzzzzzzzzz
z Channels:                2 (stereo)        zzzzzzzz     zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
z Sample rate:             32000 Hz          zzzzzzz     zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
z Language:                English           zzzzzz     zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
z Subtitles:               None              zzzzz     zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz                      zz
z INFO:                                      zzz                       zz
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
z Title:             The Last Sentinel       zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
z Year:                    2007              zz     High Quality       zz
z Genre:            Action / Sci-Fi          zz                        zz
z imdb: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0758762/ zz          by            zz
z DVD:                     NTSC              zz                        zz
z DvDrip:               by Zeus_Dias         zz       Zeus_Dias        zz
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
zz                     Language:English                                zz
zz                      Subtitles:None                                 zz
zz                    DvDrip by Zeus_Dias                              zz
zz                     Size:  702,56 mb                                zz
zz         The.last.Sentinel[2007]DvDrip[Eng]-Zeus_Dias                zz
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
Director:
Jesse Johnson
Distributor:
Echo Bridge Home Entertainment
Starring:
Katee Sackhoff, Don "The Dragon" Wilson, Bokeem Woodbine 
Synopsis
When the population of planet Earth is threatened by the very same force 
once created to protect them, a fearless rebel fighter will learn to think 
and fight like a machine in order to ensure the survival of the human race. 
At first the Drone Police were the perfect soldiers; that is until the very
 warriors charged with preserving civilization became hardwired for 
destruction. Now, as all hope for humanity continues to slip away, an 
electronically enhanced soldier named Tallis (Don Wilson) will rescue a 
beautiful rebel with the heart of a warrior 
(Battlestar Galactica's Katee Sackhoff). Vigorously trained by her android 
mentor to think with the precision of a computer and fight with the 
ferocity of a machine, this brave future gladiator will become our last 
line of defense against the ultimate enemy of humanity. 
Bokeen Woodbine, Keith David, and Steven Bauer co-star. Jason Buchanan


IMDB
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0758762/


