******************************************************************************
                       Human Instinct - Part 3 of 4: Will to Win

******************************************************************************

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                       General Information
------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Type.................: documentary - dokument√§r
Production...........: BBC
Author/Presenter.....: Robert Winston
More information.....: http://www.answers.com/topic/robert-winston



------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                       Description
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

"Human Instinct" is the story of how instincts have made us humans into the 
uniquely successful species that we are, despite us not always being aware of 
them.

Professor Lord Robert Winston was born in 1940 and named Robert Maurice 
Winston. He graduated at London University in 1964 and held junior posts at 
the London Hospital from that time. In 1970 he joined the Hammersmith Hospital 
as a Registrar and became involved in research and development in 
gynaecological microsurgery. 

He is well known today to audiences throughout the world for his several BBC 
television series, which include The Human Body, Secret Life of Twins and 
Superhuman, and through which he has shown a great capacity for communicating 
often complex science to a wide public audience. He is Professor of Fertility 
Studies at Imperial College School of Medicine, London University, and is 
world-renowned as a fertility expert. He also heads the Department of 
Reproductive Medicine at the Hammersmith Hospital in London.

In Human Instints Professor Robert Winston provides a unique insight into what 
it is that makes us human. And it is the story of our extraordinary instincts 
and why we behave the way we do and what other animals reveal about our most 
basic drives. With intriguing experiments and secret filming he uncovers the 
surprising science of sex. And helps us understand why one human being could 
lay down their life for another. In exploring survival, sex, competition and 
self-sacrifice, Professor Winston takes viewers on a journey of discovery into 
human behaviour, to look at ourselves in an entirely new way. 
He believes the series is not science for scientists - it is about trying to 
translate complex ideas into something easily accessible for all. He thinks 
the whole area of evolutionary psychology has been largely overlooked but 
thinks it's fascinating. According to Winston we all carry a prehistoric 
baggage around with us and don't have full control over it.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Part 3:

We?re always competing, even when we least expect it. The will to win is an 
instinct that?s kept our species alive. In this programme we discover why 
coming out on top feels so great and why losing feels so bad.

The Joy of Victory
For our ancient ancestors, beating the opposition was important. It meant they 
were more likely to survive and have children. Those who got a kick out of 
winning were more successful and passed the desire for victory on to their 
children. So over generations our bodies have evolved to give us a feeling of 
euphoria when we win. 

A Constant Battle
As young children we compete for the most useful resource available - our 
parents? attention. At the University of Michigan, Brenda Volling asks parents 
to concentrate their attention on the older of two siblings. Immediately, the 
younger children try to force their way into the game. If they fail to get 
noticed they release a powerful and effective weapon: the temper tantrum. This 
invariably gets them their parent's attention. But when the parent plays only 
with the younger child things are quite different. The older sibling is far 
more likely to try to impress by following the rules, patiently waiting their 
turn, offering to help with the game, or even simply saying "I love you."  One 
study suggests this difference in strategies continues into later life. Frank 
Sulloway studied historical figures in science. 

Sizing up the Opposition
We don?t have the energy or resources to compete all the time, so we have 
evolved hierarchies to avoid this. We are much more likely to feel competitive 
with our friends and colleagues - people we feel on a par with - and therefore 
have a realistic chance of beating. But we don?t bother to battle with those 
people we feel are much superior, giving way to avoid a fight we would 
probably lose. We also, unknowingly, send signals about ourselves. For men, one signal to their place in the hierarchy is in their faces. Larger, wider jaws and chins, and heavy-set brows, are the signs of a dominant face, while a submissive face looks more like that of a child.
 
The Agony of Defeat
Our bodies also drive us on to win by making losing feel terrible. And we are 
more likely to remember our losses- to help us try and avoid doing the same 
thing again. But losing is not just about feeling bad. In a hierarchical world 
reputations are very important - even more important than not losing is not 
being seen to be a loser. Nick Leeson discovered this to his cost. He says his 
desire not to be unmasked as someone who had lost money led him on to take 
bigger and bigger risks- until his losses brought down Barings Bank.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The file have two audio tracks. One is english and one is chinese. The easiest 
thing is to play the file in VLC player or other player who support two 
tracks. English is default in VLC player.

Part 1: 
http://thepiratebay.org/tor/3737184/BBC_Human_Instinct_-_Part_1_of_4_-_Robert_
Winston

Part 2: 
http://thepiratebay.org/tor/3737482/BBC_Human_Instinct_-_Part_2_of_4_-_Robert_
Winston
