ARTiST: Gloria Estefan
TiTLE: The Very Best Of Gloria Estefan
LABEL: SonyBMG
GENRE: Pop
TiME: 78:40 min
SiZE: 118,6 MB
BiTRATE: VBRkbps
RiP DATE: Nov-19-2006
RELEASE DATE: Nov-20-2006
WEBSiTE: n/a

Track List:

01. Dr. Beat                                   04:24
02. Rhythm Is Gonna Get You                    03:58
03. Can't Stay Away From You                   03:58
04. Hold Me, Thrill Me, Kiss Me                03:23
05. Heaven's What I Feel                       04:36
06. Everlasting Love                           04:02
07. Don't Wanna Lose You                       04:10
08. You'll Be Mine                             04:01
09. Get On Your Feet                           03:40
10. Reach                                      03:52
11. Don't Let This Moment End                  04:10
12. Anything For You                           03:45
13. Bad Boy                                    03:47
14. 1-2-3                                      03:36
15. Oye Mi Canto                               04:09
16. Coming Out Of The Dark                     04:05
17. Wrapped                                    03:29
18. Turn The Beat Around                       03:54
19. Conga                                      04:14
20. Doctor Pressure                            03:27
    (Mylo Vs. Miami Sound Machine)

Release Notes:

As one of the biggest new stars to emerge during the
mid-'80s, singer Gloria Estefan predated the coming
Latin pop explosion by a decade, scoring a series of
propulsive dance hits rooted in the rhythms of her
native Cuba before shifting her focus to softer,
more ballad-oriented fare. Born Gloria Fajardo in
Havana on September 1, 1957, she was raised
primarily in Miami, FL, after her father, a
bodyguard in the employ of Cuban president Fulgencio
Batista, was forced to flee the island following the
1959 coup helmed by Fidel Castro. In the fall of
1975, Fajardo and her cousin Merci Murciano
auditioned for the Miami Latin Boys, a local wedding
band headed by keyboardist Emilio Estefan. With
their addition, the group was rechristened Miami
Sound Machine and four years later, Fajardo and
Estefan were wed. As Miami Sound Machine began
composing their own original material, their fusion
of pop, disco, and salsa earned a devoted local
following, and in 1979 the group issued their first
Spanish-language LP on CBS International. Despite a
growing Hispanic fan base, they did not cross over
to non-Latin audiences until "Dr. Beat" topped
European dance charts in 1984.

With 1985's Primitive Love, Miami Sound Machine
recorded their first English-language effort,
scoring three Top Ten pop hits in the U.S. alone
with the infectious "Conga," "Bad Boy," and "Words
Get in the Way." For 1988's triple-platinum Let It
Loose, the group was billed as Gloria Estefan &
Miami Sound Machine, reeling off four Top Ten hits
-- "Rhythm Is Gonna Get You," "Can't Stay Away from
You," the chart-topping "Anything for You," and
"1-2-3." 1989's Cuts Both Ways was credited to
Estefan alone and generated her second number one
hit, "Don't Wanna Lose You"; however, while touring
in support of the album, on March 20, 1990, her bus
was struck by a tractor trailer. She suffered a
broken vertebrae that required extensive surgery and
kept her off the road for over a year. Emilio
Estefan and the couple's son were injured in the
crash as well, but all three recovered. Estefan
resurfaced in 1991 with Into the Light, again
topping the charts with "Coming Out of the Dark," a
single inspired by her near-fatal accident; two more
cuts from the album, "Can't Forget You" and "Live
for Loving You," secured her foothold on the adult
contemporary charts.

With 1993's Mi Tierra, Estefan returned to her
roots, recording her first Spanish-language record
in close to a decade and earning a Grammy Award for
Best Tropical Latin Album; on the follow-up, 1994's
covers collection Hold Me Thrill Me Kiss Me, she
also recalled her dance-pop origins with a rendition
of the Vicki Sue Robinson disco classic "Turn the
Beat Around." Another all-Spanish effort, Abriendo
Puertas, earned the Grammy as well, while Destiny
featured "Reach," named the official theme of the
1996 Summer Olympics. As Latin pop made new
commercial headway thanks to the efforts of acts
like Ricky Martin and Enrique Iglesias, Estefan
reigned as the most successful crossover artist in
Latin music history, with international record sales
close to the 50 million mark. In 1999, she also made
her feature film debut alongside Meryl Streep in
Music of the Heart, recording the film's title song
as a duet with *NSYNC and scoring both a massive pop
hit and an Oscar nomination in the process. A new
Spanish-language album, Alma Caribe√±a, followed in
the spring of 2000. Several months later, Estefan
was awarded a Grammy for Best Music Video for "No Me
Dehes de Querer" at the first annual Latin Grammy
Awards. Her husband, Emilio, won for Producer of the
Year.
