All tracks are cleanly ID3v2 tagged. If you like this album, please
support the artists and buy this album on January 29. Until then, seed.

The Bedlam in Goliath: 
               Fourth Studio Album
               by The Mars Volta

       Format: mp3 (MPEG-1 Audio Layer 3)

      Bitrate: 320kbps CBR

       Leaked: January 15, 2008

     Released: January 29, 2008

     Recorded: 2006-2007 at Ocean Way Recording, Hollywood, California;
               Rodriguez-Lopez's home studio in Brooklyn, New York
 
        Genre: Progressive rock, psychedelic, experimental

       Length: 76:13
        Label: Universal Motown Records;
               Gold Standard Laboratories

     Producer: Omar Rodriguez-Lopez

Track Listing: 01 Aberinkula     5:44
               02 Metatron       8:11
               03 Ilyena         5:35
               04 Wax Simularca  2:38
               05 Goliath        7:15
               06 Tourniquet Man 2:37
               07 Cavalettas     9:32
               08 Agadez         6:43
               09 Askepios       5:10
               10 Ouroboros      6:35
               11 Soothsayer     9:07
               12 Conjugal Burns 6:35
               00 folder.jpg     -:--

   Background: 

      On a trip in Jerusalem, Rodriguez-Lopez purchased an 
archaic ouija-type talking board at a curio shop as a gift for Bixler-
Zavala. They would return to their tour bus after shows to play with it
during their 2006 tour with the Red Hot Chili Peppers, as it quickly 
became the band's post-show ritual. Dubbed "The Soothsayer", the board 
revealed stories, gave names and made demands, as the band was 
contacted by three different people who appeared in the form of one, 
whom was then referred to as "Goliath". The more the band had 
interacted with "The Soothsayer", otherworldly coincidences began 
plaguing the band's experience writing and recording The Bedlam in 
Goliath: Deantoni Parks--their current drummer at the time--had quit 
mid-tour and left the band with financial troubles; Bixler-Zavala wound 
up needing surgery performed on his foot due to the shoes he had been 
wearing, forcing him to relearn how to walk post-surgery; audio tracks 
sporadically and literally disappeared off the screens; Rodriguez-
Lopez's home studio flooded and had been subject to multiple power 
outages; and the album's original engineer had gone through a nervous 
breakdown, leaving behind all previous work with no notes as to where 
anything was. Rodriguez-Lopez was nearly on the brink of starting over 
from scratch, but instead kept on with the recruitment of Robert 
Carranza as the replacement engineer, along with assistance from Lars 
Stalfors and Isaiah Abolin. Midway through the recording sessions, 
Rodriguez-Lopez buried "The Soothsayer" as an attempt to undo the curse
and halt the unforeseen tragedies, who ended the ordeal by swearing 
never to give away the whereabouts of its burial, and also asking the 
band not to speak of it again during the remainder of the album's 
production.

from Wikipedia, The Free Encyclopedia:
               http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bedlam_in_goliath	