[img]http://www.timemachinehobby.com/sku_image/image/1509/blowup/Revolution_side_shot_with_yellow_red_green.jpg[/img]



[color=red][b]Rubik's Cube Challenge / eGames[/b][/color]

RELEASE DATE: 12-15-2007 PROTECTION: Not Protected
GAME TYPE: Board & Puzzle DISKS: 1 CD

[color=blue]Release Notes:[/color]

That famous, perplexing puzzle you can't put down is now
packed inside your PC. Rubik's Cube Challenge puts a digital
spin on this well-known classic, but now there's a story
behind the sensation you'll start out stranded on the other
side of the galaxy, and your only hope of getting home is to
use the Rubik's Cube-based controls. Can you match, rotate and
twist your way back to Earth? Or will you linger in the far
edges of outer space forever? Find out by playing three
challenging modes that are as addictive as the original
version

Enter the depths of cube-mania in 50 fantastic puzzle boards
See if your reflexes and memory are sharp in Lightspeed mode
which sends you on a wild chase after a malfunctioning
monitor. Give your brain a workout as you slide and manipulate
cube pieces to form a pattern. As you match up the rows and
columns, beautiful image skins cover the tiles and provide a
treat for the eyes. You'll also encounter multiple boss levels
and clever objectives. Rubik's Cube Challenge will test even
the most seasoned puzzler are you up to the task?

[color=blue]Features:[/color]

Based on the original Rubik's Cube, now updated for the PC

Places you in the depths of space, where you must solve tricky
puzzles to make your way back to Earth

Slide and turn cube pieces to form patterns through 50
exciting boards

Multiple boss levels and objectives provide hours of thrilling
gameplay

Lightspeed mode has you chasing a malfunctioning monitor

[color=red][b]MERRY CHRISTMAS![/b][/color]

[b]Install Notes:[/b]

1. Unpack Release
2. Mount/Burn Image
3. Install Game
4. Play the game