- AN INFOFALLOUT RELEASE -                                                                                       
====================================================================================================
===============================IN ASSOCIATION WITH THE DOCUMENTARY ARCHIVE==========================
====================================================================================================
=============TITLE: BBS: The Documentary                              =============                                                                              
=============SOURCE:                         DVD ======RIPPER: Acey the Sexiest Hippie =============
=============CODEC:                   XviD 1.0.3 ======RLS DATE:             6/12/2005 =============
=============RELATED URL: http://www.bbsdocumentary.com/                               =============
====================================================================================================
======================================RELEASE NOTES/DESCRIPTION:====================================

Long before the Internet escaped from the lab, connecting the planet and redefining what it meant to
meant to be a computer user... 

...there was a brave and pioneering band of hobbyists who spent their time, money and sanity setting
up their home computers and phone lines to welcome anyone who called. By using a modem, anyone who 
knew the phone number of these machines could connect to them, leave messages, play games, send and 
receive files in a virtual community... and millions did. 

They called these places "Bulletin Board Systems", or BBSes. Their collections of messages, rants
thoughts and dreams became the way that an entire generation learned about being online. 

When the Internet grew in popularity in the early 1990s, the world of the BBS faded, changed, and
became a part of the present networked world -- but it wasn't the same. 

In the Summer of 2001, Jason Scott, a computer historian and proprietor of the textfiles.com, 
noticed the lack of materials covering the history of these BBSes. So, he took it upon himself to
produce what turned out to be one of the most comprehensive histories on the subject.

Four years, thousands of miles of travelling, and over 200 interviews later, "BBS: The Documentary",
a series of 8 episodes about the history of the BBS, is now available. Spanning 3 DVDs and totalling 
five and a half hours, this documentary consists of eight episodes each covering different aspects 
of this important story in the annals of computer history.

Ideal as either a teaching tool or a reminder of things past, the BBS Documentary Collection brings 
back this nearly-forgotten time in a way that will tell the story... one caller at a time. 

====================================DESCRIPTIONS OF THE EPISODES===================================
Baud introduces the story of the beginning of the BBS, including interviews with Ward Christensen 
and Randy Suess, who used a snowstorm as an inspiration to change the world. 

Sysops and Users introduces the stories of the people who used BBSes, and lets them tell their own
stories of living in this new world. 

Make it Pay covers the BBS industry that rose in the 1980's and grew to fantastic heights before
disappearing almost overnight. 

Fidonet covers the largest volunteer-run computer network in history, and the people who made it a
joy and a political nightmare. 

Artscene tells the rarely-heard history of the ANSI Art Scene that thrived in the BBS world, where
art was currency and battles waged over nothing more than pure talent. 

HPAC (Hacking Phreaking Anarchy Cracking) hears from some of the users of "underground" BBSes and
their unique view of the world of information and computers. 

No Carrier wishes a fond farewell to the dial-up BBS and its integration into the Internet. 

Compression tells the story of the PKWARE/SEA legal battle of the late 1980s and how a fight that
broke out over something as simple as data compression resulted in waylaid lives and lost opportunity.