ARTiST: Mando Diao
TiTLE: Ode To Ochrasy
LABEL: EMI
GENRE: Rock
TiME: 58:00 min
SiZE:  85,3 MB
BiTRATE: VBRkbps
RiP DATE: Apr-02-2007
RELEASE DATE: Apr-02-2007
WEBSiTE: n/a

Track List:

01. Welcome Home, Luc Robitaille               04:33
02. Killer Kaczynski                           02:32
03. Long Before Rock 'N' Roll                  02:50
04. The Wildfire (If It Was True)              04:25
05. You Don't Understand Me                    04:09
06. Tony Zoulias (Lustful Life)                03:23
07. Amsterdam                                  03:23
08. Tv & Me                                    03:46
09. Josephine                                  02:41
10. The New Boy                                03:23
11. Morning Paper Dirt                         02:31
12. Good Morning, Herr Horst                   01:57
13. Song For Aberdeen                          03:23
14. Ochrasy                                    03:18
15. San Francisco Bay                          03:04
16. With Or Without Love                       03:40
17. Moonshine Fever                            02:39
18. Chet Baker                                 02:23

Release Notes:

You'll surely be forgiven the faux pas of hearing
hints of the Libertines in the twin-guitar,
twin-vocal attack of Sweden's Mando Diao. They have
the mannerisms, the loose raucousness, and the
intense focus on melody that marks the combined work
of Pete Doherty and Carl Barat--except Mando roughs
it up without antagonism, under control but with a
blast of hefty motion. Ode to Ochrasy is an on-tour
album, documenting the band's 18 months on the road
chasing the brilliant Hurricane Bar to every venue
imaginable. Here they sound accustomed to the road
chaos, taming it with jerking rhythms and chiming
guitar interludes, not to mention ample
character-driven lyrics where freaks and oddball
clubgoers show up. They get barked-at and battered
as the band throws two-part harmonies against the
stuff of latter-day post-punks: a boozy blast, a
smoky-room churn, a downright killer assemblage of
riffs and roar.
