SimCity for Windows Version 1.1
-------------------------------

Thanks for playing SimCity!

Try out the way-cool new sounds on any Windows 3.1-compatible
sound card!  You can even use a combo sound card setup (a
Sound Blaster for digital sounds teamed with a Roland for music
sounds really nifty!)

Be ABSOLUTELY SURE you have the sound stuff set up properly
for Windows.  This can be a tad tricky, so be sure to read 
your Windows manual, and any docs that came with the card.

If you don't have a sound card, you will still hear the
regular beepy sounds through your PC's built-in speaker.
(Come on, buy a sound card.)  This way you can still hear
sound without having to fork out the cash for a sound card
(They're pretty cheap.) Stand up and say "I love my beepy 
little PC Speaker and I'm gonna stick with it!" (Everybody 
else has a sound card.)  If you really want to hear what a 
sound card kinda sounds like, try to get a hold of the 
Microsoft PC-Speaker driver for Windows.  It will play the 
digital sounds through your good old PC Speaker (a sound 
card sounds MUCH better), but it will make the SimCity music 
play a little funny (unlike a sound card.)

We appreciate your patience while we worked on this new
version. We've tackled a couple of little bugs, and we don't
think you'll find any new ones.  BUT, if you do find a
wascally wittle bug, please call us (or write or FAX) and 
we'll send you some free stuff! Our numbers and address are
both on and in the SimCity package.