Insert Disc 2, PopCorn (NTSC, 16:9, 720x480)
============================================

When backing up DVD9 videos to DVD5 discs, the choice may
be made to split the original content across two DVD5 discs
instead of compressing or discarding content. If you elect
to do this, it is helpful to append a clip on the first
backup disc telling the viewer to insert the second disc
and to prepend a clip on the second backup disc telling the
viewer that they are continuing from the first disc. I
recommend replacing the last chapter of the main movie on
the first disc and the last *removed* chapter of the main
movie on the second disc with the respective clips. If you
do this, then no matter what chapters might be selected in
the scene selection menus, the clips will appear properly.

There are a variety of methods and tools for splitting a
DVD9 video and for replacing removed chapters/cells with
your own clips, so I won't provide such information here.

This torrent contains a pair of clips I made for this
purpose. These clips are for NTSC, 16:9, 720x480 videos
only. I used a few public domain clips on the subject of
popcorn concessions from the days of drive-in theatres.
Aside from being historical curiousities surrounding a
perennial movie snack, I found the last one to be just
plain creepy. Enjoy!

Copy it. Use it. Share it. I reserve the right to use it
myself, but that's about it :-)

--KingCon
