ARTiST: Adam And The Ants
TiTLE: Stand And Deliver: The Very Best Of
LABEL: SonyBMG
GENRE: Rock
TiME: 77:33 min
SiZE: 116,7 MB
BiTRATE: VBRkbps
RiP DATE: Sep-16-2006
RELEASE DATE: Sep-11-2006
WEBSiTE: n/a

Track List:

01. Prince Charming                            03:20
02. Goody Two Shoes                            03:32
03. Stand And Deliver                          03:35
04. Antmusic                                   03:38
05. Kings Of The Wild Frontier                 03:57
06. Dog Eat Dog                                03:11
07. Room At The Top                            04:11
08. Apollo 9                                   03:31
09. Wonderful                                  04:24
10. Friends                                    02:40
11. Kick                                       01:37
12. Can't Set Rules About Love                 04:41
13. Zerox                                      03:49
14. Vive Le Rock                               03:41
15. Cartrouble                                 03:27
16. Desperate But Not Serious                  04:17
17. Strip                                      03:50
18. Deutscher Girls                            02:29
19. Young Parisians                            03:01
20. Friend Ar Foe                              03:24
21. Antrap                                     03:27
22. Puss 'n' Boots                             03:51

Release Notes:

From late 1980 and the release of the band's first
hit album 'Kings Of The Wild Frontier', through late
'82, Adam & The Ants were Britain's most successful
and chart scoring new act. Clocking up six top ten
singles and three top ten albums, the nation was
immersed in ?Antmania? with every release and its
dandy imagery.

Formed in London in early 1977, the band staged a
much darker and submissive act. Performing to a
mainly purist punk (and cult following) audience
around bars and clubs in the UK, as well as Europe,
Adam Ant and his band had stapled their influence
from early glam and the distant UK Punk scene.
Towing a controversial and daring reputation and a
string of modest independent singles (Young
Parisians, Zerox, Cartrouble) the band recorded
debut album ' Dirk Wears White Sox' (1979) to mixed
reaction. Although the record had strong motives it
struggled to get mainstream attention resulting in
the groups break up and a creative refit.

Fronting new tribal warrior make over and a Burundi
meets Link Ray sound, the group reappeared in early
1980 armed with a major record deal and single
'Kings Of The Frontier'. The groups new mouldings
gained them a new audience and with follow ups 'Dog
Eat Dog' & 'Antmusic' breaking the top ten, Adam And
The Ants had ultimately arrived. The hits kept
coming in force and with soaring number one singles;
Stand & Deliver, Prince Charming, albums; Kings Of
The Wild Frontier, Prince Charming and inspired
videos, the bands appeal crossed to international
acclaim.

Steering a gruelling year of promotion and touring
the band folded with Adam announcing a solo career.
Hitting a promising start with lead single 'Goody
Two Shoes' reaching the number one spot, Adam's
success shone well into the mid 80s with modest
single and album releases and a supportive music and
acting career.

Adam And The Ants still remain an important and
influential link to the present and this collection
is a firm overspill of the bands major and minor
glories. Essential.
