******************************************************************************
                          John Sandford - Naked Prey 
*******************************************************************************
Type.................: Audiobook


Sandford gets back to basics in this stellar 14th installment of his hugely
popular Prey series, focusing on the long-standing duo of Davenport and
Capslock. As the novel begins, the indomitable Lucas Davenport (now happily
married, a contented father and bored out of his mind) is slogging through the
northern tundra of Broderick, Minn., to inspect the naked dangling corpses of a
white woman and black man ("They were frozen. Like Popsicles.") that have
shocked the locals as well as Minnesota's governor with the ugly specter of a
lynching. Davenport, now more or less a free agent for the state's Bureau of
Criminal Apprehension ("I kick people's asses"), is unleashed by the governor,
giving Davenport and his scruffy sidekick, Del Capslock, a chance to escape
their square city lives and catch the villain(s) while staving off the media
vultures, Sandford's trademark subplot. As in previous novels, the original
crime (rendered in a truly horrific opening sequence) is merely the gateway to a
deeper, more insidious criminal enterprise, this one an international labyrinth
of stolen cars, drugs, gambling and kidnapping. Some truly vicious familial
machinations in the small town contrast well with Davenport's staid and stable
home life. Another pleasant surprise is the precocious Letty West, whose
awakening teenage sensibilities make an impression on Davenport. Sandford's
usual background details (readers will learn how to run a muskrat trapline and
how an Indian casino operates) are deftly woven into the fabric. This latest
installment in a series now a decade and a half old is vintage Sandford.
* Publishers Weekly  

*******************************************************************************

Enjoy it! Seed it!
Or, seed an audiobook of your choosing.
