[===== Stuff =====]

Marvel vs Capcom 2 PS2 (NTSC U), CD-to-DVD rebuild

Awesome game, often hard to find, and even used copies sell for far too much.

This rebuild gives slightly shorter load times on most PS2s, lets fliptops &
Slim Kit systems boot with Swap Magic DVD rather than the Swap Magic CD
(which is notoriously terrible quality and refuses to boot), and also
eliminates the need to use CD/DVD Loader v7 with earlier versions of SM.

It should load in any system capable of booting PS2 DVD backups.  I've already
tested this on my own fliptop with SM 3.3 and my friend's Slim Kit Pro with SM
3.6.  It loads faster, and never fails to boot.

Please be patient while downloading, and please stay online until this gets a
few distributed copies.  My upload bandwidth is terrible at the moment
compared to my downstream.  Thank you, and enjoy the game!

"Rule the arena of the world's two most powerful fighting universes.  Marvel
vs. Capcom 2 is bar-none, the most insane tag-team fighting game on the
planet!  An unprecedented 56 playable characters raises the bar on arcade
fighting with 3 on 3 tag-team battles, unbelievable control and hyper-fast
animation.  Pick a fight with your favorite legendary Capcom characters and
Super Heroes from the Marvel Universe and watch the super combos fly."


[===== What to Do Next =====]

Run the EXE file to extract the ISO image.

Burn to DVD at the slowest speed your burner supports, or at 4x, using good
quality media.  I suggest certified Taiyo Yuden above all others, even over
Ritek RiData.  At the time I wrote this, you can still get a spindle of 100
for about $0.40 each AFTER shipping, so there is NO reason to skimp on media.

Boot on any modified PS2 as you would with any DVD backup.


[===== Bit Twiddling =====]

Packaged as a self-extracting UHArc archive, better than ZIP and RAR all
around, faster than 7zip and usually the same compression as well.

Brought to you by gh0st - Member of the underground returned once again from
the legion of dead and defunct.  Hacking, cracking, ripping, and fone
phreaking since before most of those other jokers got their first console ;)

If you have any requests for rare, old, or hard-to-find games or applications,
beam me a few electron pulses.  The best way to do so at this time is to
message FieroGT42 on Demonoid or gh0st on Blackcats-Games.

omg hax,
gh0st