Video to Audio Converter is an
extremely easy-to-use tool to
extract audio from AVI, WMV, ASF,
MPG and MPEG files to MP3, RM, WAV,
WMA and OGG format. You can extract
audio from your video files to MP3s
so you can listen them with your mp3
player. And you can also extract
audio from video files to CD quality
WAV files for burning your own audio
CD (Assuming you have a CD-R). No
quality is lost! Video to Audio
Converter has a user-friendly
interface. The conversion from video
to audio is just a button click away.

Video to Audio Converter supports
fast batch conversion. You can once
convert several sections of a video
file. It supports rich options,
allows you to generate audio files
with different qualities and sizes.

You can set the begin-time and
eng-time to convert particular part
of a file.

You can add the ID3 tag (Audio
Title, Album, Artist, Data) to the
output audio file.

URL: http://www.audiotoolsfactory.com

* I N S T A L L   N O T E S *

1.) Install
2.) Check serial.txt
3.) Enjoy!!