Fler torrenter från mig med fokus på människan:   
http://thepiratebay.org/user/walkerd2/

******************************************************************************

                       NG - Guns Germs and steel - 1 of 3 Jared Diamond

******************************************************************************

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                       General Information
------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Type.................: documentary - dokumentär
Author/Presenter.....: Jared Diamond
More information.....: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Guns,_Germs,_and_Steel


------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                       Description
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Boken Guns Germs and steel av Jared Diamond blev en omedelbar succe när den publicerades 1997 och tilldelades också det prestigefylda Pulitzerpriset. Serien presenterar oerhört fascinerande idér om varför världen ser ut som den gör mellan olika kontinenter och folk. Jag blev oerhört fascinerad av serien när den gick på Kunskapskanalen.

Why is it that Europeans ended up conquering so much of the world? Or, as one 
of Diamond's New Guinean friends asks him, why do they have all the "cargo"? 
Despite all the contrary evidence from anthropology and human biology, many 
persist in attributing the differing political and economic successes of the 
world's peoples to biological, "racial" differences. Others appeal to cultural 
differences or to historical contingency. But Diamond sees the fundamental 
causes as environmental, resting ultimately on ecological differences between 
the continents. An extended argument for this, Guns, Germs and Steel is 
nothing less than a history of Homo sapiens on a scale of continents and 
millennia.


In an excellent summary ? probably the best popular account I have seen ? 
Diamond chronicles the origins of agriculture. He describes where and when 
food production originated, how it spread with demographic expansion and by 
emulation, and why it never took off in some regions. He also touches on the 
largely unconscious coevolutionary processes underlying domestication, the 
origins of specific crops, and the characteristics that made some plants more 
suitable than others for domestication. 
Diamond suggests a key difference between the continents: the primary axis of 
Eurasia is east-west, whereas the axes of Africa and the Americas are 
north-south. Because crops are climate dependent and climate varies strongly 
with latitude, crops and domestic animals could spread across Eurasia more 
easily. 


Jared Diamond looks more closely at diseases, writing, technology, and 
centralised government. Contagious diseases caused high levels of mortality in 
populations throughout the New World and Australia, often well before direct 
contact with European settlers. In contrast, European penetration into the 
tropics was slowed by Old World tropical diseases to which they lacked 
immunities. Where did these diseases come from, and why did so few travel in 
the other direction? Higher population densities in Eurasia created a niche 
for new diseases, the presence of domestic animals provided a reservoir of 
suitable candidates, and their spread was assisted by good cross-continental 
communications.


The single most significant consequence of food production was that, by 
creating reliable food surpluses, it allowed large, dense, sedentary, and 
stratified societies to come into existence.
He has produced a superb work of synthesis, bringing together history, 
archaeology, agriculture, linguistics, medicine and many other fields. It is 
hard to evaluate just how strong his overall thesis is, but he is persuasive 
and surely has the right general idea. 
Reviewing societal clashes such as the Spanish conquest of the Aztecs, Diamond 
employs modern understanding of technology and biology as well as geography 
and economics to analyze cultural hegemony in its most brutally Darwinian 
form. "Guns, germs, and steel," Diamond argues, are the keys to understanding 
the course of human civilization. Produced in wide-screen format and 
originally aired over PBS in the summer of 2005, Guns, Germs, and Steel is a 
thorough and thrilling exploration of the author's themes. Shot across five 
continents, the three-part film employs dramatic re-creations as well as 
insights from prominent anthropologists, archaeologists, biologists, 
historians, and other scholars.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                       På Svenska/In Swedish
------------------------------------------------------------------------------


När serien gick på kunskapskanalen tidigare i år hette serien Vete, vapen & virus.
En av mänsklighetens allra främsta innovationer står en grupp nomader från 
mellanöstern för. De uppfann jordbruket för 13 000 år sedan och blev bofasta. 
Sedan dess har hjulen bara snurrat fortare och fortare. Och världen har blivit 
allt mer orättvis.


Jordbruksrevolutionen är en framgångssaga som enligt den amerikanske 
socialantropologen Jared Diamond kan förklara varför världen fortfarande är så 
orättvist uppdelad mellan fattiga och rika. Hans bok "Vete, vapen & virus" 
väckte stor uppmärksamhet när den kom ut för några år sedan. Nu har National 
Geographic gjort en tv-serie i tre delar med Jared Diamond som vägvisare genom 
tre kontinenter.


Den moderna människan hade redan för 13 000 år sedan en lång historia över 
hela jordklotet. Var hon än slog sig ner var hon tvungen att anpassa sig efter 
de geografiska förutsättningar som platsen erbjöd. Det är inte en slump att 
jordbruket uppfanns i mellanöstern och inte i Sydamerika. 


Men på samma sätt som naturen förändrade människans liv förändrade människan 
naturen. Hon har omskapat landskapet var hon än har slagit sig ner och 
ekologiska katastrofer har följt henne i hasorna.
Hur ska man annars exempelvis kunna förklara att en mängd stora djur dog ut i 
Australien ungefär samtidigt som de första människorna slog sig ner på 
kontinenten för 40 000 år sedan?


Människans fel?
I början av 2000-talet upptäcktes en underjordisk grotta i australiensiska 
torra öknen. Det sensationella var att den innehöll fossil från 69 olika 
arter. Man fann ett komplett fossil av det utdöda pungdjurslejonet (som aldrig 
hittats förut, en utdöd jättevombat och åtta utdöda känguru-arter som man 
förut inte känt till. 


Paleontologerna har analyserat fossilen och kunnat konstatera att dessa djur 
från förhistorien måste ha överlevt i ett klimat som var precis lika extremt 
torrt som idag. Australiens forna megafauna kan alltså inte ha varit så 
känslig för klimatförändringar - så varför dog kontinentens stora djur ut? 
Misstankarna riktas mot de första mänskliga bosättarna:
- Vi kommer aldrig hitta en Diprotodon (en av de största utrotade pungdjuren) 
med ett genomborrat spjut men det är så nära du kan komma ett bevis, säger 
John Long vid Victoria Museum i Melbourne till tidskriften New Scientist.
Människan började tidigt att omforma naturen i sin närhet - och utan att hon 
var medveten formade naturen henne. I serien Vete, vapen & virus spelar 
geografin en viktig roll i utvecklingen av de mänskliga civilisationerna. 

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Episode 1
In "Out of Eden," Diamond posits the theory that access to domesticated 
animals and plant cultivation played bigger roles in societal development than 
race, creed, time, and experience.


Del 1:
I första delen "Arvet från Edens lustgård" visar Diamond hur jordbruket 
utvecklades i de bördiga jordbruksmarkerna mellan floderna Tigris och Eufrat i 
det som idag är Irak. Därifrån kunde jordbruket enkelt spridas längs samma 
klimatzon. Den euroasiatiska kontinenten sträcker ut sig i väst-östlig 
riktning, en geografisk lyckoträff som de andra kontinenterna saknar. 

------------------------------------------------------------------------------



