-------------------------------------------------------------------------pZ2oo6

        ÉÍÍÍÍ»   ÉÍÍÍÍ»   ÉÍÍÍÍ»   ÉÍÍÍÍ»  ÉÍÍÍÍËÍ» É» ÉÍÍËËÍÍ»  ÉÍÍÍÍÍ»
       ÉÎÍÍÍÍÎ» ÉÎÍÍÍÍÎ» ÉÎÍÍÍÍÎ» ÉÎÍÍÍÍÎ» ÈÍÍÍÍÎË¼ È¼ ÈÍÍ¹ÌÍÍ¼ ÉÎÍÍÍÍÍ¼
       ºº    ºº ºº    ºº ºº    ºº ºº    ºº     ÉÎ¼  É»    ºº    ºº É»
       ºº    ºº ºº    ºº ºº    ºº ºº    ºº    ÉÎ¼   ºº    ºº   ÉÎÎÍ¼º
       ºÌÍÍÍÍÎ¼ ºÌÍÍÍÍ¹º ºÌÍÍÍÍÎ¼ ºÌÍÍÍÍ¹º   ÉÎ¼    ºº    ºº   ÈÎÎÍ»º
       ºÌÍÍÍÍ¼  ºÌÍÍÍÍ¹º ºÌÍÍÍÍ¹  ºÌÍÍÍÍ¹º  ÉÎ¼     ºº    ºº    ºº È¼
       ºº       ºº    ºº ºº    Ì» ºº    ºº ÉÊÎÍÍÍÍ» ºÈ»   ºÌÍ»  ÈÎÍÍÍÍÍ»
       È¼       È¼    È¼ È¼    È¼ È¼    È¼ ÈÍÊÍÍÍÍ¼ ÈÍ¼   ÈÊÍ¼   ÈÍÍÍÍÍ¼
       ÉÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ» ÉÍ»  
       ÈÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ¼ ÈÍ¼     

                            http://www.parazite.org/

                           http://onion.parazite.org/

                     http://parazite.amfetamiiniyhdistys.eu/
                     
                       http://www.saunalahti.fi/parazite/

                          http://www.nic.fi/~parazite/

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                 p r e s e n t s 

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

             full.packed.files.paraZite.org.2006.11.15-pZ.org.rar

                          Wed_Nov_15_22:11:21_EET_2006

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

          http://packed.parazite.org/ . http://packed2.parazite.org/

                            http://packed3.parazite.org/
                 
                         http://packedtorrent.parazite.org/

                      EFnet #paraZite.org IRCnet #paraZite.org

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                            FINLAND, AUGUST 1996 ...

                       TEN YEARS AGO IN THE LOST WORLD ...

   ÜÜ       ÜÜ   ÛÛÛßßÛÛÛÛßßßßÛÛÛ      ÜÜ   ÛÛÛßßßÛ     ÜÜ ÛÛÛßßßÛÛÛÛßßßÛ ðSWð
   ÛÛ     ÛÛÜÜÛÛ Û  ÛÛ  ÛÛ  ÛÛ  Û    ÛÛ  ÛÛ Û  ßÛÛÛ     ÛÛ Û  ÛÛÛÛÛ  ßÛÛÛ
   ßßÜÜÜ  ÛÛ  ÛÛ Û  ÛÛ  ÛÛ  ßßÜÜÛ    ßßÜÜßß Û  ÛÛÛÛ     ÛÛ ÛÜÜßßßÛÛÜÜßßßÛ
                 ßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßß           ßßßßßßß        ßßßßßßßßßßßßßß

                  +358.0.5032442 þ 24h þ ZyXEL 19.200 þ 750mb

URL: http://parazite.pp.fi/jpeg.txt

DA NEWS:

Finland  Police seized child pornography at  the Helsinki home of a 19 year-old
student.

On  August 28, 1996  in helsinki - Finland the  police seized two computers and
nearly  350 floppy disks  at the house of a  19 year-old student.  The material
showed sadistic acts involving Caucasian and Asian children, including torture,
mutilation, and cannibalism. Police specialist Kaj Malmberg stated that:

\"These pictures of adults having sex with children are really hard pornography.
This  is exceptioannly  severe hard pornography  involving very severe abuse of
children\".

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                   TRUTH... HEALTH... JUSTICE... BUT WHOSE?!

                                ANARCHY AKBAR!

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                     compressed with winRAR version 3.61

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
http://parazite.nn.fi/violence_and_free_speech_aclu_article.txt

Is there a right to speech that advocates illegal acts or violence?

(My response is based on U.S. law. It is a summary of the ACLU\'s Bill of Rights
Briefing Paper #10: Freedom of Expression.)

In  1919 the  Court said no.  Indeed, it  said  that  any  speech  that  had  a
\'tendency\' to cause a volation of the law could be punished. This principle was
used to convict a Socialist for mailing antiwar leaflets.

In  1925 the Court established stronger speech protections, stating that speech
could  not be  punished unless  it presented  \'a clear  a present  danger\'   of
imminent  harm.  In  1931, this  was  used  to overturn a conviction based on a
California  law.  That  law make it  illegal to publically salute a red flag --
the symbol of (violent) revolution.

In  1950\'s during the second  Red Scare, the Court  backtracked saying that the
clear-and-present-danger  principle  did  not apply to  speakers  who advocated
overthorwing  the  government,  no matter  how remote  the danger  of  such  an
occurrence might be.  (This  paved  the way for  jailing policitial  activists,
loyalty oaths, etc).

In  the 1969 case  of Brandenberg  v. Ohio, the  Supreme Court  struck down the
conviction  of a Ku Klux  Klan member  under a  criminal  syndicalism  law  and
established a new standard: Speech  may not be suppressed or punished unless it
is intended  to produce \'imminent  lawless action\' and it is \'likely to produce
such  action.\'  Otherwise,  the First  Amendment  protects  even  speech   that
advocates violence. The Brandenberg test is the law today.

Here\'s what  Alan Dershowitz writes about  the distinction between advocacy and
incitement (_The Best Defence_ p. 222):

\"Advocacy  is the communication  of ideas; it  is directed  at  intellect;   it
affords the listener an opportunity to reflect on it.  Incitement, on the other
hand,  ...  is a spur  to automatic  action, intended  to bypass  the  rational
thought processes.  It  is  against  this oversimplified  background  that  the
classic  case of  shouting fire  in a crowded  theater can  best be understood.
Shouting  the word \"fire\"  is not the  communication  of an  idea designed  for
reflective  thought;  it is  precisely  the  same  as if  a  fire  *bell*  were
intentionally rung. It is intended to spur an automatic series of responses.\"

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                             * * files .parazite.org * *

                       * * http://parazite.pp.fi/files.html * *

                         * * ( 2 7 + 1 ) x M i R R O R S * * 
.US:
 
http://parazite.bigmoron.com/files.html

.US:
 
http://www.freewebtown.com/pzorg/pzorg/files.html

.US:
 
http://www.freewebtown.com/kz200608/kaosroolz.unpacked/files.parazite.org/files.html

.SAUNALAHTI.FINLAND.EU: 100%
 
http://parazite.pp.fi/files.html

.NEBULA.FINLAND.EU: 100%
 
http://parazite.nn.fi/files.html

.US:
 
http://parazite2k.freespeechsite.com/files.html

.US:
 
http://kaosroolz.web1000.com/files.parazite.org/files.html

.FL.US:
 
http://parazite.501megs.com/files.html

.US:
 
http://parazite.0moola.com/files.html

.AUSTRIA.EU:
 
http://scifi.pages.at/pz2000/files.html

.UT.US:
 
http://www.parazite.741.com/files.html

.DC.US:
 
http://free.hostultra.com/~parazite/files.html

------

.UT.US:
 
http://parazite.0catch.com/files.html

.UT.US:
 
http://parazite.greatnow.com/files.html

.UT.US:
 
http://parazite.envy.nu/files.html

.ITALY.EU:
 
http://utenti.lycos.it/parazite/files.html

.UNITEDKINGDOM.EU:
 
http://members.lycos.co.uk/pzorg/files.html

.US:
 
http://parazite.byethost11.com/files.html

.SLOVAKIA.EU:
 
http://pzorg.host.sk/pz/files.html

.ONTARIO.CANADA:
 
http://pz2000.netfirms.com/files.html

.MA.US:
 
http://www.angelfire.com/creep/parazite/paraziteorg/files.html

---

.RUSSIA:
 
http://parazite.h1.ru/files.html

.FINLAND.EU:
 
http://personal.inet.fi/koulu/parazite/files.html

.FINLAND.EU:
 
http://kotisivu.mtv3.fi/parazite/files.html

.SPAIN.EU:
 
http://club.telepolis.com/parazite/files.html

.US:
 
http://parazite.freehostia.com/files.html

.AZ.US:
 
http://parazite.t35.com/files.parazite.org/files.html

------

.ONION:
 
http://vw5egjdz5yyc2qkl.onion/files.html

--------------------------------------------------------[paraZite.org@20061115]