David Sereda - Singularity and UFOs (September 27 2006 C2C interview); 
Trinity atomic test \'45 & Roswell crash, NASA UFOs (Ancient of Days 2004, 
Roswell lecture on video)



Singularity:

QUANTUM PHYSICS MEETS THE TEACHINGS OF THE GREAT MASTERS! IS CONSCIOUSNESS 
IMPRINTING THE ATOM, OUR DNA, AND OUR WORLD WITH A CODE THAT PREVENTS US FROM 
MOVING FASTER THAN THE SPEED OF LIGHT, SEQUESTERING HUMANITY ON ONE PLANET IN 
A HUGE UNIVERSE, ATTAINING ENLIGHTENMENT, ENDING WAR, CONQUERING DISEASE, OLD 
AGE AND DEATH? Is SINGULARITY the long awaited Code Breaker? FIND OUT NOW! 
AFTER YOU READ THIS FASCINATING BOOK, \'SINGULARITY,\" YOU WILL NEVER BE THE 
SAME AGAIN. THAT IS BECAUSE YOU WILL HAVE THE SECRET TO BREAK THE CODE ON ALL 
HUMAN LIMITATIONS!

Adam and Eve were banished from the proverbial Garden of Eden for partaking 
of the forbidden fruit of the ôTree of the Knowledge of Good and Evil.ö This 
is the poisonous duality that would cause them to fall from Grace, but also 
be the cause of all War, Disease, Death, and worst of all, the cause of all 
human limitation. 

In this book we will examine the Three Major Forms of Inertia that human 
beings experience: Good and Evil would be the root cause of three major forms 
of inertia: 1. The Psychological Inertia that results in Conflict, Violence 
and War, 2. The Inertia of movement, that we would be trapped in the fabric 
of space-time and not be able to move faster than the speed of light 
(EinsteinÆs Law). 3. The Cellular Inertia that causes aging, disease and 
death. All of these three forms of inertia were prophesy in the Bible book of 
Genesis when God warned Adam and Eve not to partake of the Knowledge of Good 
and Evil. 

But when we get to understand the root cause of all inertia, only then will 
we be able to perceive the great ôSingularity,ö our greatest potential 
Liberation. With Singularity, we can firstly End all Violence and War, if we 
can all agree to collectively perceive it, and use it as a transformational 
tool. Secondly, we could attain instantaneous movement of information, 
communications and actual space travel anywhere in the universe, in zero 
time. This would be the greatest achievement for our Total Evolution. The 
Freedom to move anywhere. But even more fascinating than movement, we could 
actually see the first Real Time picture of our universe; a picture that the 
very slow speed of light prevents us from seeing. Finally, we can end all 
disease and death. We could actually attain eternal life, rather than wait 
for it to be granted by some higher power outside of ourselves.



Coast to Coast AM: Wednesday September 27th, 2006 

Host:
George Noory

Guests:
David B. Sereda 

Websites:
 
http://davidsereda.blogspot.com
 
http://www.lulu.com/DavidSereda

Books:

Singularity

Recap

Singularity & UFOs

Author and UFO enthusiast David Sereda returned for a discussion of his new 
book Singularity, which merges ideas from quantum physics with ancient 
teachings of religion and spirituality. He also presented highlights of his 
research regarding NASA UFO footage. 

Sereda refuted NASA\'s contention that objects seen outside the Shuttle are 
\"space junk,\" saying that the UFOs captured on video (such as one he 
described as looking like a \"golden mean rectangle\") are much further away 
than debris which would appear smaller. He also agreed with the notion that 
NASA has a dual space program, and cited reports of \"giant triangles\" seen 
east of Riverside County, which he said may be made by Lockheed Martin. 

The germination for his new book Singularity came from a visitation he said 
he received from a \"powerful being of light\" in 1994, in which he was given a 
set of teachings that he later cross referenced in current science and 
ancient texts. Humanity suffers from three forms of inertia brought on by 
duality, but by experiencing singularity or oneness, we can surmount these 
limitations and begin interstellar travel, he outlined. 


David Sereda - Ancient of Days 2004 lecture

(http://www.alienresistance.org/aod2004dvds.htm ORDER FULL CONFERENCE DVD SET 
FOR $49 OR FOR $20 EACH)


Width x Height: 352 x 240 xvid 
Duration: 1:34:35
Bit rate - audio format: 123kbps - mp3
Size: 419,731,456 bytes   


*Ancient of Days 2004 - David Sereda goes over some of the information from 
his first book and film \'The Case for Nasa UFOs\' as well as discusses alot of 
new information and theories regarding alternative energy technology, and new 
UFO video from the Mexican military of objects that were detected by radar 
and caught on infrared video, but invisible to the eye, that Jaime Maussan 
brought to the media having called for an international press conference; 
David explains in depth the physics of how these UFOs must operate while 
going unnoticed to the human eye and the implications of the ultraviolet 
spectrum.  Sereda also discusses his intriguing new theory about the elusive 
Roswell crash as it relates to the first atomic test that was detonated at 
the Trinity site: White Sands Missile Range near Alamogordo, New Mexico in 
July 1945.*  

Recorded and distributed by Lost Arts Media ----->  
http://www.lostartsmedia.com/ 

|  Archived and seeded by !UtopiAted!Net!   ||     http://utopiated.net