ARTiST   :  Paramore
ALBUM    :  All We Know is Falling
LABEL    :  Fueled By Ramen
GENRE    :  Rock

ENCODER  :  Lame 3.90 / APS
QUALiTY  :  VBRkbps / 44.1kHz / Joint-Stereo

RELEASE  :  Jun-25-2005
STREET   :  Jul-26-2005
SOURCE   :  CDDA
TYPE     :  Album
PLAYTIME :  35:52 min

=================
+ TRACK LiSTiNG +
=================
[#] [Track Name]                                      [Time]

01. All We Know                                       03:14
02. Pressure                                          03:06
03. Emergency                                         04:00
04. Brighter                                          03:43
05. Here We Go Again                                  03:46
06. Let This Go                                       03:41
07. Whoa                                              03:22
08. Conspiracy                                        03:42
09. Franklin                                          03:19
10. My Heart                                          03:59

=======================
+ RELEASE iNFORMATiON +
=======================

Hayley Williams: vocals *John Hembree: bass * Josh Farro: lead
guitar *
Jason Bynum: guitar * Zac Farro: drums

All We Know Is Falling, the debut release from Paramore on
Fueled By Ramen, marks the arrival of a truly enthralling new
rock band. Powered by buoyant melodies and powerful hooks, the
Tennessee-based outfit's debut is made indelible by the
irresistible force of singer Hayley Williams. The 16-year-old
vocalist's earnest emotion and strikingly confident range and
phrasing set Paramore apart from the pack, with the joyous
noise of songs such as "My Heart" and "Here We Go Again"
evincing a passionate positivism that can't help move every
listener in its path.

Raised in Meridian, Mississippi, Hayley has been raising her
voice for as long as she can remember - singing and writing
songs for talent contests and local commercials. At 13, her
family moved to Franklin, Tennessee, where she made friends
with two brothers - guitarist Josh and drummer Zac Farro. It
wasn't long before the two teenaged musicians invited Hayley
to sing in their fledgling band.

The Farros helped open up Hayley's musical horizons,
introducing the talented young singer to a new world of music,
from classic rock bands such as U2 and the Cure to such modern
outfits as Sparta and Failure.

"It was all so new for me," she says. "It really challenged me
to use my voice in different ways. It was also good for me as
a writer because I realized that lyrics didn't have to be
simple pop stuff; they could be harder and deeper."

The band, which also now featured Hayley's next door neighbor
Jason Bynum on rhythm guitar, adopted the moniker Paramore and
started performing and recording almost immediately. They
played at local gatherings and their school talent show, then
quickly began performing at rock venues in and around
Franklin. The combination of musical energy between brothers,
Jason and Hayley's bold charisma earned them instant
attention.

Paramore concentrated on the next phase of their musical
journey, spending the summer and early fall in a Nashville
studio cutting their first real demos. "It was great," Hayley
says. "We've learned a lot since then. I think we'd probably
do a lot of things very differently now. But it was a great
experience and I'm grateful we had the opportunity."

With many labels anxious to sign them, the band decided to
release their debut album through Fueled By Ramen. Huge fans
of many of the label's artists like Fall Out Boy and The
Academy Is..., Paramore felt there was no better label to
release All We Know Is Falling. "Fueled By Ramen is an amazing
label," Hayley says. "Some of our favorite bands are on Fueled
by Ramen. We knew that they would know exactly how to carry
out the vision for our band and music."

After having seen Paramore perform only once, Fueled By
Ramen's founder John Janick knew he had to sign the band. "I
seldom find a band that I feel compelled to work with after
just one encounter" John says. "I knew that I had to put out
the Paramore record after I met the band. Their talent,
sincerity and dedication exceed that of many bands."

In March 2005, Paramore temporarily relocated to sunny
Orlando, Florida for a couple of months. With extensive
touring obligations in their immediate future, the band felt
they needed to fully hone in on all aspects of their musical
life before recording All We Know Is Falling.

"We wanted to get away from the distractions of home and just
practice, write songs, record and do shows - all the things
that a band does," Hayley says.

Josh adds, "We missed home a lot. But it was awesome to be
able to wake up and devote ourselves one hundred percent to
playing our music."

While in Florida, Paramore began sessions for their
much-anticipated first full-length collection, working with
producers James Wisner (Dashboard Confessional, Further Seems
Forever, Underoath) and Mike Green (Yellowcard, The Black
Maria). The band also enlisted bassist John Hembree to fill in
a deserted position and round out the line-up. They recorded
new tracks such as "Emergency" and "Pressure" which display a
musical enthusiasm and lyrical depth well beyond the band's
relatively young ages. In addition to her open-hearted vocal
style, Williams has worked hard to expose her life and
emotions in her songs.

"I always try to write from personal experience," she says.
"At first what I was writing was kind of metaphorical, but now
I've been trying to be more straightforward. It's all about
things that have happened to me or to the people that I love."

Paramore has won praise for their live performances, which
have included dates alongside Less Than Jake, Anberlin and
Copeland, as well as high profile performances on The Fueled
By Ramen & Friends Tour, the Taste of Chaos Tour and the
Bamboozle Festival. With this summer's Vans Warped Tour on the
horizon, more enthralled Paramore fans will most certainly
follow.

Says Josh, "We love making music together. We have the best
time on stage, we feel so alive when we're playing. We're
excited to have the world hear our songs and we hope they like
what they hear. We can't wait to get out there more and have
people see what this band is all about."

