^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
   Thank.You.And.Goodbye.From.g0rhee.And.NORDiVE.READ.NFO-NT	 ^
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

	So.. This is the end for us huh.. Uhmm.. *ROFL*
 
This has been a great journey for both of us.. Late phone calls from
g0rhee to nordive with messages like.. get UP GIRL, you have to
upload... We are both going to miss it :P

Both of us have meet MANY new friends here at the P2P world, and
trust me when im saying, that we will NEVER forget you guys.. and
girls :\\\\ (Play-Girl,Desire,Peachen,Goelle*p0rn-girl*,Ullies,
Adorable,Izabella,Mercifull,PeterPan*LOL*,Charlotten, Sry if i
forgot you :P).. And the Gays too.. (You All :P<333)

You guys know we love you.

The reason i (g0rhee) decided to leave was i wanted to try something
new, so im going to try at beeing at the scene (WITHOUT GETTING
EXPOSED again :P) and no i will not leak to any uploaders ive migth
meet on the scene-journey :P

NORDiVE leaves also cause im sending her all her uploads, so now she
wont have anything to upload :P (also think she needs a BIG vacation)
So a BIG thank you goes OUT to NORDiVE (Our beloved girl<33)

So.. what's going to happend on nordic-t..
actually we dont know.. hoping to see other uploaders getting scene
axx, so i can expose them :P

I dont know whats going to happend to my acc on NT either.. I will
probaly not be working as moderator anymore, Or be on the irc channel
(might pop in once in a while and say hi)...

last words goes out to mikkelmus, duskeren, peterpan, maximu, fruity,
play-girl, peachen, izabella, yes all of you staff members.. and also
users.. you have all been a BIG part in my life, and will ALWAYS have
a space.
i will still be on skype and we can have some fun pranks calls as we
always do :P:P:P:P

so again.. THANK YOU TO ALL OF YOU GUYS AND GIRLS..

(Btw, we might pop in at next NT expo lan :P)

sincerly yours

g0rhee and NORDiVE