******************************************************************************


                       The Human Animal - Part 4 of 6: The Biology of Love

******************************************************************************



------------------------------------------------------------------------------


                       General Information
------------------------------------------------------------------------------




Type.................: documentary - dokumentär
Author/Presenter.....: Desmond Morris
More information.....: http://www.answers.com/topic/desmond-morris


------------------------------------------------------------------------------


                       Description
------------------------------------------------------------------------------



Detta är en fantastisk dokumentärserie om människan i sex delar. En kommentar 

från imdb är tex:

"This is one the best documentary ever made. This should be watched by all 
teenagers to get a good understanding of people behavior. It makes one feel 
part of nature, not "superior" or ruling nature. I enjoyed it very much."

The Human Animal by Desmond Morris (who also wrote "The Naked Ape") which 
accompanies a major six-part series, shows that, however much we may think we 
have evolved from our animal ancestors, our instincts and behaviour are still 
rooted in our animal past. By denying this inheritance we are in danger of 
destroying everything we have strived so hard to create.

    
Despite the different skin colours, beliefs and rituals to be found in the 
5000 million human beings alive today, we actually all share an almost 
identical genetic heritage. In this portrait of the human species, Desmond 
Morris takes us right to the centre of human existence and explores all 
aspects of human life and behaviour. From the way we rear our young to the 
common use of certain facial gestures, he covers a fascinating variety of 
subjects: how our hunting instincts have been channelled into an 
extraordinary range of sporting activities; how the modern art world can 
trace its roots back to an early primate picking up a stone resembling a 
face; how different courtship rituals across the world reflect the universal 
emotion of love.

    
Desmond Morris also looks at some of the damaging consequences that can be 
seen when we try to deny our animal heritage: how territorial fights erupt 
when the tribal systems within our overcrowded cities break down, and how 
human relationships disintegrate when natural social or sexual patterns 
change.

    
Both candid and entertaining, Desmond Morris exposes our foibles, 
celebrates our triumphs and gives us a new understanding of the way we 
behave. A world-renowned zoologist, he has already fundamentally changed the 
way we perceive ourselves. Now The Human Animal takes us one step closer to 
confronting our true identity.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Part 4:

The Biology of Love
In this program, Desmond Morris analyzes the biological nature of love, with 
its attendant patterns of behaviour and signals of health and fertility that 
have evolved to ensure pair-bonding and genetic survival. How and why human 
beings fall in love may seem mysterious, but Desmond Morris explains the 
biological reasons we and many birds form long-term pairs. The pre- and 
post-pubescent periods of sexual maturation, the stages of courtship, and the 
aesthetics of physical beauty are studied, along with the anatomical mechanics 
of sexual arousal and copulation. Such as the first orgasm ever filmed from 
the inside of the womans vagina. In addition, the stresses placed on couples 
by life in an urbanized, crowded world are explored.


------------------------------------------------------------------------------



I serien får man alltså en berömd Zoologs perspektiv på människan. Det vill 
säga se oss människor som det djur som vi ju faktiskt alla är.

Serien har gått på svensk TV en gång förut och jag satt som förtrollad och 
tittade.

Filen har två ljudspår. Ett spanskt som är default tyvärr. Men också ett 
engelskt. Fås lätt fram i spelaren VLC genom att ändra ljudspår från spår 1 
till spår 2.


Change audio track from spanish to english if you prefer english. This is 
done easy in VLC player for example.


Part 1:   
http://thepiratebay.org/tor/3723808/BBC_The_Human_Animal_1_of_6_Desmond_Morris

Part 2:  
http://thepiratebay.org/tor/3724077/BBC_The_Human_Animal_2_of_6_Desmond_Morris

Part 3: 
http://thepiratebay.org/tor/3724283/BBC_The_Human_Animal_3_of_6_Desmond_Morris
