ARTiST: Razorlight
TiTLE: Razorlight
LABEL: Mercury
GENRE: Rock
TiME: 35:06 min
SiZE:  54,9 MB
BiTRATE: VBRkbps
RiP DATE: Jul-14-2006
RELEASE DATE: Jul-17-2006
WEBSiTE: n/a

Track List:

01. In The Morning                             03:43
02. Who Needs Love?                            03:32
03. Hold On                                    03:26
04. America                                    04:10
05. Fall To Pieces                             03:22
06. I Can't Stop This Feeling I've Got         03:27
07. Pop Song 2006                              02:41
08. Kirby's House                              02:52
09. Back To The Start                          03:13
10. Los Angeles Waltz                          04:40

Release Notes:

Voted Best New Band at Q Awards (2004) and NME
Awards (2005), Razorlight demonstrated in their
million selling debut album 'Up All Night' that they
were not only able to provide the stuff of great
magazine copy but musically they could prove to all
the doubting Thomas' that their talent and ambition
went way beyond anything anyone was expecting. Now,
two years on from their classic first album start,
Razorlight have made their definitive statement.
They had a #2 single with 'Somewhere Else' and blew
away their peers with their trademark riotous
performance at Live 8.

"There are many things to cherish about this
record... its length, sound, simplicity, sheer brass
balls and its songs... And if making the best guitar
album since 'Definitely Maybe' is what's required,
then job done. 5/5" - Q Magazine