 http://www.amazon.com/dp/B000056JYB/ 
http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/512Q96SRRWL._SS500_.jpg

-=Amazon Review=-

Short-lived classic-rock supergroup Blind Faith's sole album (1969) has aged remarkably well. Blind Faith fused the psychedelic blues of Eric Clapton and the soulful vocals and keyboards of Steve Winwood with the polyrhythmic, Afrocentric leanings of drummer Ginger Baker. "Can't Find My Way Home" is easily one of the hippie era's most lyrically poignant, sonically subtle tunes. The record has a lot of surprises; "Presence of the Lord" is rousing and melancholy at the same time, while the way the bass and guitar double-team on the introductory melodic line to "Had to Cry Today" makes a hard-rock clichÃ© fresh again. The 10-minute drum solo on "Do What You Like" is pretty good as 10-minute drum solos go; Blind Faith is not a purchase for the jam-shy, especially in its present, bloated form, which adds almost an hour and a half of unreleased jams and mixes. And while surely there are levitational moments within the five 12-to-16-minute improv sections included here, the excess (and lack of great material; remember that this band was only together a few months) grows tiresome. One notable exception is the "Change of Address Jam," excerpts from which were pressed up as a record label change-of-address announcement back in the day. It's got a pleasant, near-swinging, Graham Bond/Booker T on Quaaludes vibe, with Winwood's keyboards rollicking nicely in a manner recalling his work on Electric Ladyland. The rest of disc two is for wank aficionados and completists only. --Mike McGonigal

-=AMG Review=-

Blind Faith's first and last album, more than 30 years old and counting, remains one of the jewels of the Eric Clapton, Steve Winwood, and Ginger Baker catalogs, despite the crash-and-burn history of the band itself, which scarcely lasted six months. As much a follow-up to Traffic's self-titled second album as it is to Cream's final output, it merges the soulful blues of the former with the heavy riffing and outsized song lengths of the latter for a very compelling sound unique to this band. Not all of it works â?? between the virtuoso electric blues of "Had to Cry Today," the acoustic-textured "Can't Find My Way Home," the soaring "Presence of the Lord" (Eric Clapton's one contribution here as a songwriter, and the first great song he ever authored) and "Sea of Joy," the band doesn't do much with the Buddy Holly song "Well All Right"; and Ginger Baker's "Do What You Like" was a little weak to take up 15 minutes of space on an LP that might have been better used for a shorter drum solo and more songs. Unfortunately, the group was never that together as a band and evidently had just the 42 minutes of new music here ready to tour behind.




PROUDLY PRESENTS:

  > Blind Faith - Blind Faith

Artist...[ Blind Faith             
Title....[ Blind Faith             
Genre....[ Rock                    
Year.....[ 2007                    
Encoder..[ LAME3.97 (-V2 --vbr-new)
Bitrate..[ VBRkbps                 
Quality..[ Joint-Stereo            
kHz......[ 44.1kHz                 
Source...[ CDDA                    
Date.....[ Nov-18-2007             
Type.....[ Album                   
Size.....[ 185,6 MB                
Lable....[ Polydor                 
Cat.Nr...[ n/a                     
URL......[ n/a                     


Nr. ARTIST/TRACK.                                         Time.
---------------------------------------------------------------
    cd1                                                        
                                                               
01  had to cry today                                      08:49
02  can't find my way home                                03:16
03  well all right                                        04:27
04  presence of the lord                                  04:51
05  sea of joy                                            05:22
06  do what you like                                      15:23
07  sleeping in the ground                                02:52
08  can't find my way home (electric version)             05:43
09  acoustic jam                                          15:54
10  time winds                                            03:18
11  sleeping in the ground (slow blues version)           04:45
                                                               
    cd2                                                        
                                                               
01  jam no. 1 (very long & good jam)                      14:03
02  jam no. 2 (slow jam #1)                               15:09
03  jam no. 3 (change of address jam)                     12:09
04  jam no. 4 (slow jam #2)                               16:06
                                                          -----
                                                  TOTAL:  132:0 min


RLSNOTES
---------------------------------------------------------------
Blind Faith was either one of the great successes of the late  
'60s, a culmination of the decade's efforts by three legendary 
musicians -- or it was a disaster of monumental proportions,   
and a symbol of everything that had gone wrong with the        
business of rock at the close of the decade. In actual fact,   
Blind Faith was probably both. By any ordinary reckoning, the  
quartet compiled an enviable record. They generated some great 
songs, two of them ("Sea of Joy," "Presence of the Lord") still
regarded as classics 30-plus years later; they sold hundreds of
thousands of concert tickets and perhaps a million more albums 
at the time; and they were so powerful a force in the music    
industry that they were indirectly responsible for helping     
facilitate the merger of two major record companies that       
evolved into Time Warner, before they'd released a note of     
music on record. And they did it all in under seven months     
together.                                                      
Blind Faith's beginnings dated from 1968 and the breakup of    
Cream. That band had sold millions of records and eventually   
achieved a status akin to that of the Beatles or the Rolling   
Stones. Cream's internal structure was as stressful as it was  
musically potent, however, as a result of the genuine personal 
dislike between bassist/singer Jack Bruce and drummer Ginger   
Baker, which occasionally overwhelmed the respect they had for 
each other as musicians, leaving guitarist/singer Eric Clapton 
to serve as mediator. After two years of service as a referee, 
spent all the while in an unremitting spotlight, the public    
seemingly hanging on every note he played, Clapton was only too
happy to leave that situation behind.                          
                                                               
The initial spark for Blind Faith came from Clapton and Steve  
Winwood, whose band Traffic had split up in January of 1969,   
amid acrimonious disputes over songwriting and direction.      
Winwood at age 20 was some three years younger than Clapton,   
and had emerged as a rock star at 17 as a member of the Spencer
Davis Group, spending three years as the lead singer on a      
string of enviable R&B-based hits. His concerns were musical --
he wanted to work with the best musicians, and wanted to       
experiment with jazz, which led him to leave the Spencer Davis 
Group and form Traffic, which proved riven by egos nearly as   
strong as the members' musical impulses. The January 1969      
breakup would be the first of several temporary splits in the  
band's lineup.                                                 
                                                               
......
