Ett utmärkt exempel på hur musik ska låta.
------------------------------------------------------

hmv.co.uk  September 2002

Driven by undeniable passion, Finch - Nate Barcalow
(vocals), Alex Linares (guitar), Alex Pappas (drums),
Derek Doherty (bass), Randy Strohmeyer (guitar) - are the
band to bridge the gap between hard rock and pop-punk.
They dive headlong into songs laden with raw intensity to
create a perfect union of post-hardcore angst and melodic
rock dynamics. With a tip of the hat to their musical
peers and influences, Finch confidently push at the
boundaries set before them. The result of their
collective labours is 'What It Is To Burn', a soaring
baker's-dozen collection of tracks that simply shimmer
with sincerity. Ranging between emo-oriented melodies,
punk rhythm, pop hooks and aggressive hardcore
breakdowns, it covers the entire emotional spectrum. Not
unlike Glassjaw, Deftones and Jimmy Eat World, Finch
embrace disparate influences within their music - the
differences create a stronger whole.
'....too day-swallowing to be confined to the
underground. 'What It Is To Burn' could go down as one of
02's classics - Metal Hammer

uk retail of this nice album with 2 added bonus tracks